Add pairing information for WS-USC03 (#2142)
Koenkk/zigbee2mqtt.io: docs/devices/WS-USC03.md

<!-- Notes BEGIN: You can edit here. Add "## Notes" headline if not already present. -->

## Notes

### Pairing

> Hold the top button for 5 seconds, until the LED flashes.

Author: ```suggestion
Hold the top button for 5 seconds, until the LED turns red.
```
